in fact from portugal
Nyman and Austria
tactically high at 34 years of age
Ideateca arrives through the creative manager
piazza clemente
they repeat to Marbella in other parts of incidents
and his only way to survive every day
is to make with their own hands bicycles like these made from a
piece and exclusively with wire
the ministry
criticism in that currency and team sport talked about how he has done
assumption balaguer plans primitive idea the old
art witnessed tactics
the one that was first president in reclama velázquez
in front of a team
lopez also
of perdomo of oran where the dollar occupy 3 minutes of game 5
baldomero how is going to complicate it when I started Monaco has started working
In the Middle Ages, minutes are shortened
but a few months ago the city council took away all its tools and
bikes
In addition to fining him with 1,500 euros for selling his mini works of art in the
Street
a penalty that you can not pay
the highest fine
but for the palm
there is no work and work in the garbage
the most serious he worked while he re-lives
down program
but the help of some neighbors and especially
an idea of ​​fortune
they think that their destiny could be
has raw material to continue with his work
some weeks of the year is that he met in brasilia spaini
today taking advantage of one more day the first anniversary
anne the activity of the company we think about giving to our customers
a wire bike and we thought about it because we knew that it was you
if we talk to him we got in touch
We did what we wanted to do, it seemed very good
and we all reached an agreement regarding ann
it is insignificant what they have collaborated
to make them
and we have
we want to take the bicycle problem
to an institution
the history of Carlos
what he did not imagine attack
what is it that one of the customers who will receive one of their bicycles
it was calculated that
the same one who fined him for making them
although he is clear and will not stop doing what he has been doing all his life
I'm going to continue
12 23 the hand with the other one goes down with my work
still missing 25 bicycles
more to do
trust that this Christmas can sell
and above all
more orders
there they have the first story henares